Remove en-us from URLs (#12452)
dotnet/docs: docs/machine-learning/tutorials/mlnet-cli.md

More importantly, for this particular scenario (Sentiment Analysis model) you can also compare that generated training code with the code explained in the following tutorial:

> - Compare: [Tutorial: Use ML.NET in a sentiment analysis binary classification scenario](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/machine-learning/tutorials/sentiment-analysis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compare: [Tutorial: Use ML.NET in a sentiment analysis binary classification scenario](sentiment-analysis.md).
```
